and here it is, many of you asked, yes, I
want to do the whole kitchen, share ok,
what you see is from behind me, it's
officially the whole kitchen that
I use to record video courses and the
videos here on YouTube, so here is
the whole central island, practically where
this is practically where you record underneath
the camera is always on that side of
there and here he records all my videos
instead of tripods because of the bottom
here too there is always a central light up here
there are two cabinets he has been doing
some stuff upstairs  there is a light and a bit
of photographic equipment and
this is what we have here we have a
washing area with our sink that one
nearby that comes off super cute that I know
everyone likes it is something that is used
in restaurants unless there  'it's in all the
restaurants and I couldn't help but put it
here under the dishwasher then
here we have the inevitable knife area which is
super important for me because I
always want to see my knives there in
plain sight then here there is the cooking area with
still the  gas stoves these but the ones
I already had and so I didn't
change them then one day I'll put
induction open preferred time to
keep these here on gas and then there in the
oven or microwave there are two compartments
to put a few handy things and
practical and then all this huge wall
of stuff that you see and it's all the
cabinets where there really is an
infinite infinite number of things to
be able to store everything
I need
and in general I have to say that
practically everything really fits there  and then here
next to the refrigerator because I like the
refrigerator that you can see
especially if it's made of steel so I
really like the refrigerator I don't
like the built-in one so the
refrigerator is free to see bye I'm
out laughing mafiosi from China advice
come dot com
[Applause]
[Music]
and today I'll tell you about my experience
regarding setting up the kitchen at
home, an important thing is that I didn't
ask a few questions to understand if
anyone had ever had problems
assembling the kitchen so the
44 percent of people have  said many,
56 everything went well so this
point I would say that 50 percent of
people had problems with the
kitchen assembly regardless of the company that
assembled the kitchen we have a problem
in the assembly of the kitchens it seems
so to me we bought it
from the grapes passing in front of the shop
that had just opened there was like
50 percent out, the important thing to
know of course is that this cuisine
that costs you half is that all the serums
tell you it costs like this if you get up and
go and  toni day after it doesn't cost anymore
ok this is the basic gist having said
that how we found ourselves with
doubts we paid 2,700 euros for the kitchen
with all our appliances
because we already had practically all of them
the only thing I want to do
the point is not so much the quality
of the cuisine as was the service in the
shop or as was the service of the
fitters who came here my
concern is if there is a problem and
of course there is a
problem in particular in  a product
of this kind in the sense that in the end it is
standardized stuff but then it has to be
tailor-made for each customer so
it goes without saying that there
will always be some problems but the concept and how
do you solve the problem in the sense
that if I  I'm calling you that it's a problem and
to party super aggressive telling me that
I'm the one who's wrong we've already got off to a
pretty bad start in my opinion and by this I don't
mean to say that he's always
right, in fact I absolutely don't support
this theory but my concept is
let's distribute the blame and  I mean it's not like
you can tell me no it's your fault and that's enough of another
race let's stay calm in short we had
some pros and cons regarding
the kitchen setup now
first of all let's go and see some
cicchetti nor that there are around in
this kitchen is made up of things that were
inside the lube package and also of
a couple of nice little things that we
bought in the part. I know that
a lot of people will like this because it is
truly a space gem. There is this
socket with practically two
usb sockets and treasure
is truly of unparalleled convenience
especially for me who records
this is precisely my trinket is the
hood it took us particularly much
I really like a sacred super
satisfied later I'll tell you a little about the
bad luck of the k but this hood is
truly a jewel I'll
show you also because look at the suction power
that knows if you want to find out if
your home hood sucks well
turn on the hood and then practically the
file to suck the sheet with the
power of the here this is speed 1
so  let's see that already speed 1
I basically aspire
ok but if you put the maximum quote
under the oven or this very comfortable compartment
with this holder and sharp
cutters or trays of any kind which is
really really cool
which I'll show you a wealth for
now look look look  what stuff
look at the lid holders already this is
really a small pizza it only has one
flaw that it takes the lids to a maximum
of 24 cm so here it's not like it fits
all the lids in the world but super
super comfortable
and then here's another gem to
save on the  spaces small
secret drawer where in this case
the center of the chocolate however let's say
that it is convenient to better optimize the
spaces given that usually in this
part in short you never put anything
here let's say that certainly the service
in the shop was excellent the
manager the one who  he served us
the one who recommended us the one who
helped us to make the kitchen look like he
was very good at this topic we
really have nothing to
complain about because he was really
really good and I'm very happy with
how in the end the kitchen came out
then  of course there are times for
completion so from when you pay with the
first bank transfer it then takes
about three months at least this is
what it took us to get the
kitchen so let's say that also from
this point of view we were practically
within the agreed timescales or rather  in
truth we also perhaps postponed
the delivery
of the kitchen by a fortnight precisely because we were then
registering courses so we were
super messed up but
we found the problem in the micro details
let's put it in the casino for example now I
'm here in the same soul with this hood and
if I show you the problem of the
hood so it promises the decibels and
then the problem of the K hole we
practically made a couple of holes
it wasn't good we closed it having to
redo a second hole after which
we discovered that the diameter of the
K hole was not  it was fine so in
theory we need to make a third hole but
let's go in order with speed 1 where we can
stay around 33 decibels ok this
declared so half 1
and we are already practically almost at 46 I
put the maximum power at 3 or
but it says in the manual  that at
most I should have had 50 decibels but
instead she practically arrived at 70
the big problem is in this hole ok she
asks for 12 and it should be 15
more I didn't even fit the cap
in front because practically with the head
in front it creates even more
air resistance  so
the decibels rise even further, that is, this
hood was chosen specifically with
our consultant precisely because it had to
make little noise because maybe I'm
recording and while I'm recording I don't
want background noise from the hood which is
super annoying there was a mistake
ok that's fine  that we are all human we
asked where to make the hole at what height
of the hood they gave us not the
wrong size we asked for the diameter and
they gave us the wrong diameter of
course if it works the same even
with the 12 hole but it makes a lot of
noise  furthermore because it is a hood with a
15mm fan choked in a
12mm hole it goes without saying that it makes more noise, it's not like
you need an acoustic engineer to understand
this simple basic concept but the
problem was that in order to be able to follow my
lead  as regards the
problem of the hood it was an
epic undertaking almost dap real or guys you got it
wrong it's just the wrong thing I
also invented making a
12 hole or invented the position of the
K hole but the  you said and so
let's say that from this point of view this
type of meeting with the customer was not
one of the nicest from
my point of view then we had
the problem of the power sockets
underneath there is that ok very LED light
nice that I had them put the problem
lies in the fact that when they
sent me the diagram of their lights and
therefore all the systems where to put
the power socket in short where to
get where to put the switches
they are obviously all the things they
forgot about Amy who was there  there is the
LED light which naturally I had
also chosen but three months have passed since I
ordered the kitchen maybe you forget
that you put a light there and so
here I only have two switches
controlled for my lights
which are two that I use
so to record one wing and the other one there it's
plus the third one that placed them but
practically I'm missing the third
switch and the third socket
so maybe they aren't
particularly interested and none of them have
proposed a solution to ensure that they're not
mafiosi that we're sending  our
electrician is outside to fix the problem
or we find a solution to the
system he finds no why then and this is
a bit bothering me since we
have made all the sockets
new now especially for the new kitchen
so once I miss you  diagram
of the lights and once I have the
diagram I go and follow that diagram, it
's not that I have to remember that this
LED light that I put in needed
a socket in the sense that by now I had even
forgotten that I had ordered it and for
the  'precisely you need the written stuff so you
don't forget things but it's
coming so this
basic problem hasn't been solved above all there is
the microwave which I use to do
very little stuff but it was the
microwave that I had in the restaurant which
allows a mess in the right way  microwave because it's
a little bigger than the others,
these straps here are
really really giant, in short, it
took them a month to fit
this microwave in because they
offered me to change it but I wanted it at night, I
want my microwave because it works
well, I don't like it.  interested in changing the
microwave, in short, in the end I had to
go out in 50 thousand to understand that it is enough to
advance this panel here by half a centimeter
and then this panel over
here, trimming off a small piece of
plastic, it is practically indicative of patrols
coming in, that is, a month to be able to
insert it inside then classes  they are micro
details but for example assembling the
hob by placing 7 quintals
of this sealant put together so
badly what do you want to happen that after
a month it's like stuck inside
two sesame seeds and there's this happens
and this is really a job  done
very badly then another thing for example
of installing dishwasher method
dishwasher there is not the right socket behind
the power but the fitter
didn't tell me that no the socket in the
right place behind the dishwasher exists
we had changed
the hole slightly by a few centimeters  of the various
sockets because there is a bit of all the
water pipes there so it would have been a
casino to do it where it was requested
and ok so it's not a problem the
problem is that if I pay you for the assembly the
names you finish assembling the dishwasher  and
so it didn't connect to me, the
power socket was missing and the
power socket I had to make had to be
cut off the original cable to
go to the back row in another place
so this is a bit bad also because
I paid for it precisely  the
assembly service and in the assembly service there was
also a power socket then of course they
are capable of assembling it too I don't
know I'm not stupid but I paid for the service
something really annoying two
months almost to have both
fair gaulle covers  between the stationary oven the
stove other piece of furniture this was
really a very annoying thing then in
general this kitchen is fine it
works well beautiful I like it I'm
satisfied but we understand that
these small details are really
too annoying but above all the thing is
too annoying and start from the concept
that you customers are making a mistake and I
'm not one of those who wants to be right I
simply want to understand then later
we'll understand if I was wrong I'll understand if I'm
wrong we'll understand if we're
both wrong but start from the assumption
that I was just wrong and that's it no ok
there's  if it doesn't work like this this is
my point of view having said that
let me know how you got on with
your kitchen installer tell me if
you relied on a famous brand
or the carpenter near your home let me
know how it went just out of curiosity
because really  these 50 percent
of people who say that they have had
a lot of controversy about
kitchen extraction would be nice to understand because
maybe even kitchen installers
see this video they sell under the
comments I say to these are all the
things we can improve well thanks
for being  stay here with me I hope
you liked this video if it hasn't been
done yet subscribe to the channel I
'll see you in the next video bye
for this hole in the hood which is still
fixed now why did you
ever say yes give us a
quote on the plumber but you  Do you know
how long it takes to call a
plumber? It's easier to
talk to the dads than to talk to
the plumber. We all know this by now.